Document branch diff list in publish panel (#5447)
mintlify/docs: editor/publish.mdx

To discard changes, click **Undo changes** beside a filename in the files changed dropdown.

## Review branch changes

When you work on a feature branch, the publish panel shows all file changes between your branch and the deployment branch under **Saved in branch**. This includes changes saved by you and any teammates working on the same branch.

> Click a file in the list to open a diff view showing what changed. Documentation files open in a visual diff, and other file types open in a source diff. Use this to review the full scope of changes on a branch before publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click a file in the list to open a diff view showing changes between the branch and published content. Documentation files open in a visual diff, and other file types open in a source diff. Use this to review the full scope of changes on a branch before publishing.
```
